Hello again.
So if you go back to the State of the heights of ability if you remember this state right.
No we have a house connected to the master.
We have only one.
This one that still work and is not connected to muster is one the one that's have our Freiler.
So the situation right here is a host by luck and not on network is or isn't if we have only a network
installation from that one we'll get information right there.
But as we have hosts file or the hoses out of service totally because we part of the house.
So you see the situation right.
Then some other information.
Either that or the situation of eats in the right environment and you see that we have seven virtual
machines still protected.
That's I mean our our virtual machine worked perfectly.
Even we have a host.
Out of service.
So no I will try to put one on the six.
I Halston but it took me two.
It will detect that the host is Boxford a lot and all operatically know that the press will take action
to get our balance restored between the different hosts and we'll see some real emotion right had happened.
So let's back return and try to see what would happen.
When do I do box to do work.
You have here not responding because it's still out of service.
No.
I asked him to power on he start the process of power and he will take a little time and we'll be back
to the live.
Of course how do you see that the memory is for you.
That's mean.
He denied the memory of the one uses by this is because I host.
So we have this one here 11 and this one have four gigabytes so it is fourteen point sixty seven.
So no it's work perfectly and we'll wait a little time until the Vicent of service detects that the
host is excited to box with a light bite send it in her debate and see if the host responded.
So as you see the I host back to the live a little time this newscast we are gone automatically and
from the motion will be start automatically.
Let's see what will happen.
So it does give you a little time in to do.
Test and the cluster Niek is on calculation to take the necessary action.
Quite
so as you see after refreshing the person he takes it to a new one and capacity to take up a positive
Richard 18 gigabytes.
It's set up to spew out and other things.
If we Boxter the monitoring and you get dressed you see that Haast connected is to.
And we have zero file option.
So the number two back to life if we check the hostile battle anti-veteran mushy.
It's still a..
Defn Not use any virtual machine.
No it's time for the rest to control and check the information.
If we go right ahead and let's make the DNS run know to get the decision.
So the details are refresh the cluster to get new information and we'll see what will be happen after
a moment.
So the house number two did not have any between machine Isak's I one have all the to get your machine
do you six i3 the muster want host Ald. other virtual machine.
Of course we have a nice suit right.
Of do is X einen Vertrag have a powerful see you but it is x.
I want to have an old version of the Sibiu when a virtual machine used this one.
He can't migrate it and use an old version of the virtual machine.
And that's really an issue for our center and that's why we need to do EVC configuration in this situation
to LIT's the cluster use the similar C-p between the different virtual machine.
So we'll talk about this point later but in our situation those machines will be integrated to this
one soon to next be.